README.md, before:

# Meteor + Solr Search Application Demo

This project demonstrates one approach for using [Solr](http://lucene.apache.org/solr/) with [Meteor](https://meteor.com). It provides the following functionality:

- Meteor based single page search application
- Searches automatically as you type
- Provides Solr facet handling capabilities through custom facet UI widgets
- Demonstrates single level facet refinements through sample Document Type, Date and Author facet widgets
- Demonstrates multi level facet refinements through a sample Categories facet widget
- Search can be refined by each facet independently, with each facet keeping track of its current state (making it easy to unrefine)
- Tracks general user search actions (search keywords used, number of results found, results selected, page of result selected, facet refinement selected, etc.) via Mongo

### Example: Search Home
![Search home](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/public/images/search_home_example.png "Search home")

### Example: Search Results
![Search results](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/public/images/search_results_example.png "Search results")

## Technical Details

This demo is built using Meteor for all client/server code, with Solr handling the backend search functionality, and MongoDB holding all search analytics. [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) is used to render all Meteor based view components (instead of Blaze). Solr integration is wired using the [meteorhacks:search-source](https://atmospherejs.com/meteorhacks/search-source) Meteor package, alongside the [solr-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solr-client) npm package.

## Demo Installation

**Solr Setup / Config**

Here are the sample Solr config and schema files used by this demo:

- [solrconfig.xml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/solr/solrconfig.xml)
- [schema.xml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/solr/schema.xml)

**Running the Search Application**

1. `git clone https://github.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo.git`
2. Update `deploy/settings.json` with your Solr install details.
3. Run `meteor --settings=deploy/settings.json` in the root of your project, and access the search at http://localhost:3000.

## TODO

- Wire search analytics tracking up.
- Wire up search keyword type ahead functionality using the [Solr Suggester](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/solr/Suggester).

Commit message:

Wired up plans for search analytics.

README.md, after:

# Meteor + Solr Search Application Demo

This project demonstrates one approach for using [Solr](http://lucene.apache.org/solr/) with [Meteor](https://meteor.com). It provides the following functionality:

- Meteor based single page search application
- Searches automatically as you type
- Provides Solr facet handling capabilities through custom facet UI widgets
- Demonstrates single level facet refinements through sample Document Type, Date and Author facet widgets
- Demonstrates multi level facet refinements through a sample Categories facet widget
- Search can be refined by each facet independently, with each facet keeping track of its current state (making it easy to unrefine)
- Tracks general user search actions (search keywords used, number of results found, results selected, page of result selected, facet refinement selected, etc.) via Mongo

### Example: Search Home
![Search home](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/public/images/search_home_example.png "Search home")

### Example: Search Results
![Search results](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/public/images/search_results_example.png "Search results")

## Technical Details

This demo is built using Meteor for all client/server code, with Solr handling the backend search functionality, and MongoDB holding all search analytics. [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) is used to render all Meteor based view components (instead of Blaze). Solr integration is wired using the [meteorhacks:search-source](https://atmospherejs.com/meteorhacks/search-source) Meteor package, alongside the [solr-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solr-client) npm package.

## Demo Installation

**Solr Setup / Config**

Here are the sample Solr config and schema files used by this demo:

- [solrconfig.xml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/solr/solrconfig.xml)
- [schema.xml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo/master/solr/schema.xml)

**Running the Search Application**

1. `git clone https://github.com/hwillson/meteor-solr-demo.git`
2. Update `deploy/settings.json` with your Solr install details.
3. Run `meteor --settings=deploy/settings.json` in the root of your project, and access the search at http://localhost:3000.

## Search Analytics

Search analytics are captured and stored in the Meteor provided Mongo DB instance. These analytics are only captured for now; this POC does not provide a way to view the captured details (data can be exported from Mongo as needed). The following analytics are captured for each user:

a) Searches made (stored the the Mongo DB `analytics_searches` collection). Captures:
- Username of user making the search.
- Search keywords used.
- If the search is a facet refinement, the name of the field used to refine.
- If the search is a facet refinement, the value of the field used to refine.
- Total number of search results from this search.

b) Search results selected (stored in the Mongo DB `analytics_search_results` collection). Captures:
- Associated search record (so results selected can be linked back to search keywords and fields used).
- Result document link selected.
- Page search result was found on.

## TODO

- Wire search analytics tracking up.
